Student ID: 41247001S

How to Compile my code:

Except hw0305, all of my code can be made by makefile.
hw0305 can be compiled by makefile too after
installing following required modules.

Requirements for hw0305:

1. C GTK module (For GUI)
sudo apt-get install libgtk-3-dev
2. C Canberra GTK module (Some extention for GUI)
sudo apt install libcanberra-gtk-module libcanberra-gtk3-module -y

What to do after makefile:

Just open my code in the terminal.(./hw0305)

I recommend run my hw0305 in Ubuntu,
since I didn't test my graphic user interface
in other os. 

I also recommend to setting the resolution of Ubuntu to 1920x1080.
Since the resolution may affect how GUI looks like.

About hw0305:

I used char[] in order to change the scene and button's label in hw0305.
I consider that it is valid since I didn't use char[] for calculating the dice.
char[] only for user interface and I have asked TA.

You can choose how many dice you want, and everything mentioned in the hw03 
without typing any words. Instead, all TA need to do is to click the button.
(You can also choose the button by pressing Tab and Enter)
I consider that it will be much more interesting instead of typing the command.

There's also a small story in the application before the game start.
(I also create the skip story button, and it will skip the story after click it twice. )
(It is designed to prevent the misclicking, and I consider I did a great job at that.)
(Increasing user's expereince.)

I also make some debugs, which will forbid the user the choose every dice. Instead,
you can not choose any dice after you have choosed the certain number of dice the user set.
You can unchoose the dice by click it again.

The sum of highest dice to save and the lowest and you kept cannot be more than the total number of dice. 
And don't worry, the system will auto prevent this kinds of bugs or wrong inputs.
Therefore, don't feel strange when you cannot add more dice to keep or highest and lowest,
It may because the sum of these conditions has been equals to the number of dices,
so the system will forbid you to add more.
(This may be the only and best way to prevent wrong input, while the GUI cannot return wrong input message
to users and TAs)

You can also easily choose which dice you want with dice buttons.
I hope it can increase the expereince of testing hw0305 and give me a good score XD.




